They are the first steps for
construction of the second phase of
Gallery shopping center santo domingo
it is a new building over
26,000 square meters where
will house brand stores
international that for the first time
will come to the country the idea of ​​this is that
in this same year he has to have that
second phase completed and that in
December may be managuas and
Nicaraguans we have new options
new alternatives and this results in
the year in more employment in more in
construction generation trade and
tourism itself with the purpose of continuing
promoting this type of investments
representatives of the private sector indicated
who manage the president's visit
World walmart to speed
construction of a mega store under that
brand in managua in us we are
we have made an invitation to the president
from wolman to come to Nicaragua goes to
come the president of kargil to
Nicaragua in the month of March we have done
this invitation also to the president of
wolman worldwide
that comes nicaragua so they are
efforts that we are making for
promote the investment that keeps coming
this kind of projects that generate
employment and that give other faces to the
city ​​in amounts that help the
economic growth of the country
on the other hand aguerre confirmed that the
metrocentro shopping center is in
process of starting a third phase of
construction for this year jackson
brosco 100% news the channel
Y